Design Search Engine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CeGtqouT8eA
Design Distribute Global Lock
 Design a analytics platform that collect logs from multiple systems and provide insight from that 
 OO design of an elevator. Write interfaces and implementation and logic. Some questions on testing.
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDww3MjL-0A
Design a phone book. Follow up: how do you store and retrieve data in Trie data structure?

https://krishankantsinghal.medium.com/how-to-implement-phonebook-using-tries-data-structure-b19a83ac7f1e
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/implement-a-phone-directory/

Given a circular LinkedList which is sorted, Given a node of this LL and an integer, WAP to insert the item in the LL so that the LL remains sorted after insertion, handle all edge cases.
•	What’s NoSQL?
type ahead suggestion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrYTjaK5QVM
•	Why you chose it over RDBMS?

•	What can NoSQL achieve that RDBMS can not?
Designing API throttling.
 Designing a multi-game, multi-player service using a single threaded machine.
Circular traversal of 2x2 matrix
Implement queue using an array, in circular fashion (if end is reached, add to start of array if free)

What's the difference between the JVM, JDK and JRE


Sort a big file of integers using limited memory
Designing a graph API
Design a system that shows suggestion in search engine as you type.

https://www.glassdoor.co.in/Interview/Microsoft-Software-Development-Engineer-II-Interview-Questions-EI_IE1651.0,9_KO10,42.htm?filter.jobTitleFTS=Software+Development+Engineer+II
design url shortener
Design a Logger ( LLD )
Design Cric info website ( HLD & LLD )


Design a Phonebook Application
I listed all the features/requirement that I could think of.
We went ahead and discussed each of these features and how we can achieve that.
Finally, he asked me to focus on just 3 features – listContacts(), searchContacts(), displayFavourite()
I suggested InMemory-DB (SQLite) for listContacts(), Trie for searchContacts() and MaxHeap for displayFavourite(), and then explained him the approach using each of these data structures.


Design a Special Logger System (LLD). This system receives a Log Message and a Timestamp. The requirement is to discard the message if the same message is received within the 10 second time frame. But every time a message is received, its timer should reset and that timer should remain valid for the next 10 seconds of the last request.

    For example, if a msg M1 was received at t=1. Now if same msg M1 is received at t = 9, it should be discarded, as it is within 10 sec. But now, this window should be valid upto t=19, as last M1 msg was received at t = 9.
    We had a lot of discussion on the data structures which we can use.
    He finally agreed for me to use a combination of MaxHeap(PriorityQueue) and HashMap.
    I finally coded the entire solution and we discussed all the edge cases.
    After a lot of discussion and modifications, he was finally satisfied with the final code.
    
    
    There is a Windows Service running in Production. It polls the DB for the top 10 records (tasks) according to the priority and pushes those records in the queue for processing. The Priority values of the tasks can be P1, P2, and P3. Due to some reason, the queue is blocked. An adhoc request comes from the client to process a lower priority task(say, P2)

    What steps can be taken to handle such adhoc requests when no such mechanism is built in and the queue is also blocked?
    What other modifications can be made in this system for making it ready for any such further adhoc requests and dealing with the blocked queue?
    We had a long discussion on the approaches. She had counter questions for all my suggestions.
    From this question, she wanted to check my overall understanding of the design for failure and other system design concepts.
    
    
        Design chess Game
        https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/design-a-chess-game/
    Design Gallery App for features like scrolling, opening image by clicking thumbnail
